{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1326\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Agustin Ortiz III | agustinortiz.net\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
The official website of Agustin Ortiz III.  Personal website, resume, and workspace.  You can get all the info on Agustin Ortiz in one place.\
\

\b agustinortiz.net Version 1.0- 7/25/14\
\

\b0 This is the first release of agustinortz.net!  This website will allow for all who visit to learn all about Agustin Ortiz.  This is an informational website with a flat design to give users an easy and nice display of information.  I hope you enjoy what I\'92ve put together here.
\b \
\

\b0 Menu Bar\
- Includes links to social media profiles
\b \

\b0 Design\
- Parallax (Credit to Mohi.me), \
- Backgrounds are blurred to give the flat, see through feel.\
Icons\
- iOS 7 style icons from icons8.com \
Boxes \
- Each box includes information about Agustin in that certain category \
- Hovering over the box will reveal more info the nav bar \
Logo Release\
- \'93AO3\'94 logo created by Agustin Ortiz and is in it\'92s first version\
\
\
*This website has not been optimized for mobile devices.  The website will function correctly, but it not look and feel as it does on a desktop browser. \
\
\
\

\b Information\
\

\b0 Category: Website\
Last update: 7/29/14\
Version: 1.1\
Release #: 2\
Language: English \
Owner: Agustin Ortiz\
Compatibility: All major browsers\

\b \
}